(light music)
(beeping)
- Alright, this concludes the portion
of the course on Docker.
Now this, these previous three sections
were from my Docker for Java Developers course.
If you jump down to the last section of the course,
there is a bonus section where I'm allowed
to include promotional coupons,
so if you are interested in the full course,
go check that out.
And there's a nice little coupon there for you
where you can get the entire Docker course.
Now inside that course,
we do go into Docker a lot more in depth.
These three sections,
we're just focused on getting your feet wet with Docker
and running it and you can see how you can
run Spring Boot and a number different technologies
inside of Docker.
The rest of the course is going to look
at running more complex applications,
running Microservices inside of Docker,
how you deploy it.
A really, really cool technology is Docker Swarm Mode,
where you can scale up services
like provision a whole cluster of services
and deploy Docker services across that cluster.
So there's a lot of capabilities inside of Docker,
like even doing private networks.
You can do a lot of cool stuff in that.
But that's what's covered in the rest of the course.
This course is focused on Spring Framework.
I introduced this content to this course
because it's going to be useful as we go forward.
So it lays down the foundation
of you have an interest in learning more about Docker,
definitely check out that other course
because there's a ton of great content in that.
And coming up next, we are going to take a look
at using MySQL and connecting our little Spring application.
We've been using a H2 in memory database,
but coming up next, we're going to start looking
at using MySQL as a database in the nuances
with handling that technology
and Spring Framework.